[HDX-11481] OpenSpec: include version and transport in hdx_query_admin_comment (#107)
hydrolix/mcp-hydrolix: openspec/changes/admin-comment-version-transport/specs/query-admin-comment/spec.md

*Server name, version, and transport stamped on every Hydrolix query via `hdx_query_admin_comment`.*

## ADDED Requirements

### Requirement: Query Comment Composition
<!-- settle: explore/comment-format -->

> The server MUST set `hdx_query_admin_comment` on every query to `User=mcp-hydrolix; version=<version>; transport=<transport>`, in that order, joined by `; `.

Reviewer: The `scope-limited-to-execute-query` decision in `design.md` captures the intent, but the spec itself still says "on every query" without distinguishing query from command — so the exclusion only lives in design. Probably worth a small Requirement here (and a covering test task) saying the comment is NOT set for `execute_cmd`, otherwise an implementer following just the spec could apply it there too.

Author: addressed in the latest commit

*Server name, version, and transport stamped on every Hydrolix query via `hdx_query_admin_comment`.*

> **Tracking:** HDX-11481

Reviewer 2: Probably only want this on proposal.md, and in particular, not in the spec (definitely don't want this merged into the permanent spec, though it's not a problem in the delta spec itself)
```suggestion
```

## ADDED Requirements

### Requirement: Query Comment Composition
<!-- settle: explore/comment-format -->

> The server MUST set `hdx_query_admin_comment` on every query to `User=<name>; version=<version>; transport=<transport>`, in that order, joined by `; `.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The server MUST set `hdx_query_admin_comment` on every query to `User=mcp-hydrolix; version=<version>; transport=<transport>`, in that order, joined by `; `.
```
just to clarify that's a constant
